2048 DEMO

========================================

Except where other wise noted, all of the
documentation and software included in the Dungeon
package is copyrighted by New Desire Studios.

Copyright (C) Tony's Studio 2024

All rights reserved.

========================================

This software is provided "as-is," without any
express or implied warranty. In no event shall the
author be held liable for any damages arising from
the use of this software.

----------------------------------------

Permission is granted to anyone to use this software
for educational and entertainment purpose, and to
alter and redistribute it. HOWEVER, NO COMMERCIAL
APPLICATION!

The permission is hereby granted provided that the
following conditions are met:

1. All redistributions of source code files must
retain all copyright notices that are currently in
place, and this list of conditions without any
modification.

2. All redistributions in binary form must retain all
occurrences of the above copyright notice and website
addresses that are currently in place.

3. The origin of this software must not be
misrepresented; you must not claim that you wrote the
original software. If you use this software to
distribute a product, an acknowledgment in the
product documentation would be appreciated but is not
required.

4. Modified versions in source or binary form must be
plainly marked as such and must not be misrepresented
as being the original software.

5. The purpose of this software must not be
misrepresented with or imply any negative subject.

6. If you want to modify or redistribute this
software, it would be appreciated to let me know. You
can send an email to tony-turmoil@qq.com, but it is
not required.

========================================

Visit: https://tonys-studio.top

Email: tony-turmoil@qq.com
